Release notes for 1.16.6, 1.17.4, 1.18.1 (#13563)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.16.x/announcing-1.16.6/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.16.6
linktitle: 1.16.6
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.16.6 patch release.
publishdate: 2023-07-14
release: 1.16.6
---

This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.16.5 and 1.16.6.

{{< relnote >}}

## Security update

- __[CVE-2023-35945](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/security/advisories/GHSA-jfxv-29pc-x22r)__: (CVSS Score 7.5, High):

> HTTP/2 memory leak in `nghttp2` codec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP/2 memory leak in `nghttp2` codec.
```

## Changes

- **Added** support for `PodDisruptionBudget` (PDB) in the Gateway chart.
  ([Issue #44469](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/44469))

> - **Fixed** an issue where the cert validity was not accurate for `istioctl pc secret` command.

Reviewer: expand cert and pc:
```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where the certificate validity was not accurate for `istioctl proxy-config secret` command.
```

> - **Fixed** CPU usage where abnormally high when the certificate specified by DestinationRule is invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** CPU usage was abnormally high when the certificate specified by DestinationRule is invalid.
```

  ([Issue #44986](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/44986))

- **Fixed** an issue where Istiod might crash when a cluster is deleted and xDS cache is disabled.
  ([Issue #45798](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/45798))

> - **Fixed** an issue where specifying multiple include conditions by `--include` in bug report didn't work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where specifying multiple include conditions using `--include` in a bug report didn't work as expected.
```
